(KARA - Mamma Mia) La-Pa-Pa-Ri-La-Pa-Pa-Ri-Whoo
(Purfles - 1,2,3) Nananana...
(KARA - Mamma Mia) La-Pa-Pa-Ri-La-
Pa-Pa-Ri-Whoo Start it~
(Purfles - 1,2,3) Nananana...
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(AOA - Like A Cat) Lalala...
(T-ARA - Sugar Free) Where are you looking?
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(Girl's Day - Darling) Sugar pop! Lollipop!
(APINK - LUV) L.O.V.E LUV! LUV!
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(WINGS - Blossom) Flowers have bloomed...
(EXID - Up & Down) Up and down, up up and down.
(WANNA.B - My Type) It's you!
(Stellar - Mask) I'm being a fake in front of you,
I'm a fake who pretends to be strong, you know?
I'm a weak in front of you, a weak person
whose heart has been stolen, you know?
(SPICA.S - Give Your Love) Stop testing me,
my heart is cooling down little by little.
(Nam Young Joo - Because I'm Soft And Kind)
It hurts~, my heart. Baby, it hurts~ so I cry~
(KARA - Mamma Mia) La-Pa-Pa-Ri-La-Pa-Pa-Ri-Whoo
(Purfles - 1,2,3) Nananana...
(KARA - Mamma Mia) La-Pa-Pa-Ri-La-
Pa-Pa-Ri-Whoo Start it~
(Purfles - 1,2,3) Nananana...
(APINK - LUV) I can't believe it, our story has
already passed so long ago.
(Shannon - Daybreak Rain) But you make
me cry again, I'm sad again.
(Song Ha Ye - My First) Ooh~
(EXID - Up & Down) I keep shaking up and down
(Nicole - Mama) That feeling like stars spilling out.
(Song Ha Ye - My First) Ooh~
(MAMAMOO - Piano Man) To the right
(LABOUM - Pit-A-Pat) Uh! Uh!
I'm binging this house down!
(Song Ha Ye - My First) Ooh~
(FIESTAR - One More) One more
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(AOA - Like A Cat) Lalala...
(T-ARA - Sugar Free) Where are you looking?
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(Girl's Day - Darling) Sugar pop! Lollipop!
(APINK - LUV) L.O.V.E LUV! LUV!
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(WINGS - Blossom) Flowers have bloomed...
(EXID - Up & Down) Up and down, up up and down.
(WANNA.B - My Type) It's you!
(Sunny Hill - Here I Am) I got you!
(T-ARA - Little Apple) It was love
at first sight, I fell in love, is this what love is?
(f(x) - Red Light) Hey, wait a minute!
Under the rule of the jungle, the weak get eaten.
Just get pushed ahead, yeah pushed ahead.
(APINK - LUV) You and I, when we weren't afraid
of anything, when we held each other's hands. Yeah~
(WINGS - Blossom) The flowing tears have stopped,
the laughter flowers have blossomed~
(MINX - Why Did You Come To My Home?) You can
come inside my house. Why are you just standing here?
(KARA - Mamma Mia) La-Pa-Pa-Ri-La-Pa-Pa-Ri-Whoo
(Purfles - 1,2,3) Nananana...
(MINX - Why Did You Come To My Home?)
I need you, I need you. I want you, I want you.
(KARA - Mamma Mia) La-Pa-Pa-Ri-La-Pa-Pa-Ri-Whoo Start it~
(MINX - Why Did You Come To My Home?) I got you, I got you, boy~
(Purfles - 1,2,3) Nananana...
(APINK - LUV) I can't believe it, our story has
already passed so long ago.
(SISTAR - I Swear) I swear~ tonight, I swear~
(Secret - I'm In Love) Think I'm in love with you~
I'm in love with you~
(Ladies' Code - Kiss Kiss) Uh oh!
(TaeTiSeo - Holler) So, won't you holler at me?
I know you like what you see.
Doesn't you heart feel like it'll explode?
You want me, want me, holler at me, babe
(LABOUM - What About You?) Tell me!
(Shannon - Daybreak Rain) But you make
me cry again, I'm sad again.
(Hello Venus - Sticky Sticky) Oh oh...
(EXID - Up & Down) I keep shaking up and down
(Nicole - Mama) That feeling like stars spilling out.
(MAMAMOO - Piano Man) To the right
(LABOUM - Pit-A-Pat) Uh!
I'm binging this house down!
(FIESTAR - One More) One more
(BESTie - Hot Baby) Hot baby hot...
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(AOA - Like A Cat) Lalala...
(T-ARA - Sugar Free) Where are you looking?
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(Girl's Day - Darling) Sugar pop! Lollipop!
(APINK - LUV) L.O.V.E LUV! LUV!
(WANNA.B - My Type) My type!
(WINGS - Blossom) Flowers have bloomed...
(EXID - Up & Down) Up and down, up up and down.
(WANNA.B - My Type) It's you!
(FIESTAR - One More) One more